Add ABIFM to IceNucleation (#129)
CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl: docs/src/IceNucleation.md

The `IceNucleation.jl` module includes
  the parameterization of activation of dust aerosol particles into ice crystals

>   via deposition of water vapor and water activity based immersion freezing model for sulphuric acid containing droplets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  via deposition of water vapor and water activity based parameterization of immersion freezing.
```

These are heterogeneous ice nucleation processes.
The parameterization for deposition on dust particles is an implementation of
  the empirical formulae from [Mohler2006](@cite)
  and is valid for two types of dust particles:

>   Arizona Test Dust and desert dust from Sahara.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Arizona Test Dust and desert dust from Sahara.
  The parameterization for immersion freezing is an implementation of [KnopfAlpert2013](@cite) 
  and is valid for droplets containing sulphuric acid.
```

    For a ``f_i`` values above 0.08 or ``S_i`` between 1.35 and 1.5,
    freezing occurs in a different ice nucleation mode
    (either a second deposition or other condensation type mode).

## ABIFM for Sulphuric Acid Containing Droplets

> Water Activity-Based Immersion Freezing Model (ABFIM) is a method of parameterizing immersion freezing inspired by the time-dependent classical nucleation theory. The nucleation rate coefficient, ``J``, can be determined by the water activity, ``a_w``. This parameterization follows [KnopfAlpert2013](@cite), [Koop2002](@cite), [MurphyKoop2005](@cite), and [Luo1995](@cite). In this model, aerosols are assumed to contain an insoluble and soluble material. When immersed in water, the soluble material diffuses into the liquid water to create a sulphuric acid solution.

Reviewer: Could you add a reference for where to read to get a good CNT overview?

Reviewer: Could you also define what ``J`` is?

> Using empirical coefficients, ``m`` and ``c``, from [KnopfAlpert2013](@cite), the heterogeneous nucleation rate coefficient in units of ``cm^{-2}s^{-1}`` can be determined by the linear equation

Reviewer: Maybe we can use the same strategy as Nat was with aerosol nucleation. I.e. write the rates in the docs as they are in the original papers. But then mention in the docs that the actual source code is in base SI units (so meters and not cm)?

```math
\begin{equation}
  log_{10}J_{het} = m \Delta a_w + c
\end{equation}
```

``\Delta a_w``is the difference between the water activity of the droplet, ``a_w``, and the water activity of ice at the same temperature, ``a_{w,ice}(T)``. From [Koop2002](@cite), 
```math
\begin{equation}
  a_w = \frac{p_{sol}}{p_{sat}}
\end{equation}
```
```math
\begin{equation}
  a_{w,ice} = \frac{p_{i,sat}}{p_{sat}}
\end{equation}
```

> where ``p`` is saturated vapor pressure of water above solution, pure liquid water, and ice for subscripts ``sol``, ``sat``, and ``i,sat`` respectively. ``p_{sol}`` is determined in mbar using a parameterization for supercooled, binary ``H_2SO_4/H_2O`` solution from [Luo1995](@cite) which is valid for 185K < T < 235K:

Reviewer: `where ``p`` is saturated vapor pressure of water above solution, pure liquid water, and ice for subscripts ``sol``, ``sat``, and ``i,sat`` respectively.` - This one os a little confusing. Could you rephrase it?

```math
\begin{equation}
  ln(p_{sol}) = 23.306 - 5.3465x + 12xw_h - 8.19xw_h^2 + \frac{1}{T}(-5814 + 928.9x - 1876.7xw_h)
\end{equation}
```

> where ``x = \frac{wt%(H_2SO_4)}{100}``, ``w_h = 1.4408x``, and temperature is in Kelvins.

Reviewer: I think this ```x = \frac{wt%(H_2SO_4)}{100}` displays wrongly in the final build of the documentation. Also, could you define what it is?

``p_{i,sat}`` in Pa follows [MurphyKoop2005](@cite) for temperatures in Kelvins above 110K:
```math
\begin{equation}
  p_{i,sat} = exp[9.550426 - \frac{1}{T}5723.265 + 3.53068 ln(T) - 0.00728332T]
\end{equation}
```

> Once ``J_{het}`` is calculated, it can be used to determine the ice production rate, ``P_{ice}``, per minute via immersion freezing.

Reviewer: We want to stick to base SI units. So seconds not minutes
